docs: PEM-10794: Force Registry Sync (#10463)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

  [imported read-only clusters](../clusters/imported-clusters/cluster-import.md#read-only-mode) now use the
  [Kubernetes Metrics Server](https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/metrics-server/) Helm chart instead of Bitnami.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PEM-9692 -->

- The ability to **Force sync** [registries](../registries-and-packs/registries/registries.md) has been added to
  **Tenant Settings** > **Registries**. Use this option to interrupt and restart an ongoing synchronization process if

>   the synchronization has been in progress for at least one hour.

Author: ```suggestion
  **Tenant Settings** > **Registries**. Use this option to interrupt and restart ongoing synchronization processes that have been in progress for at least one hour.
```
